The people of Yoro, under the chief of the Falgas,
have decided to cooperate with the people's re-establishment and the Great East War.
The general public and the Chikugui Empire understand the truth and actively cooperate.
The attitude of the imperial government regarding the independence of the East is clear by the life of the people,
but the imperial government is more progressive in this case,
and it is clear to the people that it is necessary to give the independence of the East during this year.
The people of the East have been following the principle of the independence of the Northland since the beginning of the Great East War,
and they have been fighting for the future since the beginning of the Great East War.
I am grateful to the people of the East, and I want to be true and honest for the people and the Great East War.
The people of the Marai, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, and Celibast are working together as a team to strengthen the military system of the Great East War.
Even in the war, the people of the Marai are released from the psychological pressure of the past by the people who are at the heart of the local army.
They are living a life full of hope, not only because of the cultural values of education, but also because of the cultural values of education.
They are really struggling for the sake of the Indonesian people.
The United States is working on each of the peoples' wishes to return to the people of the present during this year.
The people of Java are working on the people's wishes to return to the people of the present during this year.